(NARRATOR) The traitorous Squad
4 has resorted to chemical
warfare to stave off Asimov...
...and to secure its hold on the
Annex 1.
With the immediate threat
quelled, Liu's attention now
lies on his prized targets.
As Akari and Michelle engage in
another desperate fight against
the evermore powerful
terraformars, Liu seizes the
oppportunity to launch a
missle while they're distracted.
But when all hope appears to
have been lost, Akari receives
an extraordinary delivery...
...a shindo-shiki-ninja-blade,
stashed inside the sabotaged
missile by Alexander Asimov.
Huh?
Hi there! I'm Yuriko Minamoto.
I just moved into the orphanage.
Uh...?
What's your name?
Uh...Uh...
Huh?
Hi there! I'm Sakurato Harukaze.
I can fix that.
My room's over in that wing of
the hospital there.
You got a really awesome name
there kid.
What about you?
Hizamaru!
Hizamaru Shingan School.
That's what was written on the
front gate of the dojo... That's
where I was abandoned.
I was left with a single
possession, a letter.
On it, a short message written
in a multitude of languages...
"Please take care of my child."
Printed at the bottom...
was my birth name.
Though different in every
language, the meaning was the
same.
It means, "Light."
[smirk]
You're probably wondering why
I'm telling you all this.
I felt you should know the name
of the man about to kill you.
My name is Akari Hizamaru, I am
known as the torch!
Get some!
(SYLVESTER) If a roach is still
hissing...
Don't let up until it stops
squirming.
Terminate with extreme
prejudice.
Eradicate the infestation.
Humanity has always held a
deep-seated loathing of
cockroaches.
Only compounded by the discovery
of their increased rate of
evolution here.
One theory suggests an ancient
civilization may be behind
humans inherent unease,
and the roaches unnatural
growth.
A civilization called "Rahab."
Ancient texts refer to it as...
"Home of the Demons."
It may have been a planet
between Mars and Jupiter.
Other theories assert they
possessed a means of
interstellar travel and visited
Mars, Venus, the Moon, Europa,
and our home, Earth.
Leaving behind on each
planet's surface indicators of
their presance.
I always thought that was just
some crazy conspiracy theory.
I once held the same belief, but
over the past decade it's become
undeniable.
We've seen things on Earth and
Mars that can only be
explained by the use of
unknown technology.
The pyramids on Mars and the
terraformars' accelerated rate
of evolution...
Another theory proposes that
there may be something here on
Mars that can control evolution.
... that if anyone could've
created such a thing,
it would have been Rahab
and their revered godlike
abilities.
that was the thoery posed by
B.U.G.S project chief, commander
Alexander Gustav Newton...
Sharing his beliefs, Russian
President Smiles quietly
supported him,
and implemented
new mission parameters.
Our main objective was to find
the device...
Once located, we were either to
destroy it, and end the war, or
steal it and,
return to Earth, so that
humanity could experience
enhanced evolutionary as well.
As you might imagine, the latter
option was the preferred outcome
of the two.
That's why I instructed Squad 3
to investigate the pyramids.
But the hypothesis was wrong. We
were unable to find proof of any
device's existance.
Throughout history, humanity has
destroyed and stolen from many
civilizations.
But it appears that won't be the
case for us up here. Nothing to
steal, nothing to destroy.
There's nothing here but
a pile of ruins!
What's left is nothing more than
one tremendous mistake.
And the echoes of those who were
tragically left behind.
[grunting]
[sigh] Akari...
You're losing your grip if you
think that thing actually
understands what you're saying.
Gotta hand it to em though...
These guys are pure fighters.
They must've spent their entire
lives training.
Honing their abilities while
patiently waiting for our return
to Mars.
Amazing.
[struggling and heavy breathing]
[gasp]
I am, Hizamaru.
Akari Hizamaru.
That's such a wonderful name!
Hizamaru!
I know you understand wanting
something so badly, you'll do
anything to get it.
But I can't afford to lose
anything else
So...
No hard feelings right?
[collapsing grunt]
[wincing]
Come on, get up.
Michelle... needs help.
[grunts]
Knowing her...
She hasn't stopped fighting.
Hang in there, Michelle!
(MICHELLE) That hurt.
Michelle?!
What are you still doing up?
I can't sleep.
My friends...
Oh, sweetie...
I know you're worried but
everything's going to be okay.
The police think it was a faulty
pilot light. Some of your
friends were badly hurt,
but the doctors say
everyone's going to pull
through.
It scares me to even say this,
but you are very lucky you
weren't seriously injured.
I'm not lucky.
I felt the blast. I was pinned
under the same rubble as my
friends... I'm different.
I was only thirteen then. It was
on that day I learned...
I was different. I would never
be what everyone referred to
as "normal".
I hated it.
I really hated it.
I despised my power.
I knew your father. He was one
of the finest men I ever had the
pleasure of serving with.
He sacrificed his life to
protect us.
Your test results are
astounding.
But I suspect you knew that
would be the case.
It appears you've somehow
genetically inherited your
father's powers.
You should know the Captain
cared about you very much.
This job is dangerous, but if he
knew you were following in his
footsteps,
I'm sure it would
make him very proud.
Go say hello...
You're a part of the Mars
Exploration team now, Michelle.
You have clearance to access
past mission files. Consider it
a birthday gift.
I never really knew my father.
Even in death, information about
his life and his mission was a
classified mystery to me.
When I was a child, there was a
part of me that suspected he
only went to Mars,
to get as far away from me as
possible.
Because I was different... I was
convinced he thought I was some
kind of freak... a monster.
[gasp]
But I was wrong.
Hey there, sweetie.
Did you know, ants are the
strongest of all insects? Pretty
neat don't you think?
Huh they are? Ants are really
amazing, aren't they, Daddy!
What I interpreted as some
kind of demonic power was really
a gift from my father.
What set me apart from the rest
of the world, what made me
different... it was my father.
He had been protecting me
my whole life.
Thank you, Dad.
[pained grunt]
I had always wondered, why ants?
But now, I understand.
He was trying to teach me, I'm
capableof more! [pained grunt]
Ants are the strongest insects!
And that makes me stronger than
you!
The power my father left me is a
hell of a lot stronger than
anything you've ever seen!
[grunt]
I've found it.
I found a reason to live.
and a reason to finish you off,
once and for all.
Not for anyone else...
but so that I may have a chance
to reclaim a normal human life.
Now if you don't mind.
Let's get on with it!
Get up.
Time to say your prayers.
You'll need all the help you can
get.
Because desecrating human
remains...
Really gets us humans pissed
off!
[kicking grunt]
Ji!
[charge up grunt]
What's wrong?
Get up.
[yelling grunt]
[heavy breathing]
[pained gasp]
I know now...
[cough]
My father would never advocate
revenge.
Killing this roach... The one
that stole my dad's powers...
It won't bring him back.
I know that. I'm painfully
aware.
But what about me? Would it
bring me any solace?
Will it bring me the closure I
need to live a normal life?
My physique intimidates everyone
I meet.
My acute sense of hearing keeps
me up most nights.
And in moments of stress, I grow
antennae.
Who could I talk to?
Is there anyone out there who
would even understand? Anyone
who would accept all of me?
It's these thoughts that keep me
so alone.
If I could somehow forget about
my body...
If I could just forget the
father I longed to know...
Maybe then I'd have a chance.
I could pretend to live a normal
life.
But I'd spend my life living a
lie!
You bastard! Using my father's
abilities against me!
Really? Do you honestly think I
can't handle this by myself,
Alex?
Was just trying to level the
playing field for you, Michelle.
You're a good fighter, and one
hell of a commander.
It'd be a damn shame to lose
such a beauty.
Just know that if you get any
closer, I won't be able to fire
accurately.
He's all yours.
I know it's personal, so I'll
try my best to stay out of the
way.
And Michelle... Kick his ass.
[pained grunt] This is it!
Let's finish this once and for
all!
I know now I'm no longer
alone.
I am destined for more!
[scream]
[punching grunts]
[pained gasp]
Fight through the pain!
Push!
I will not run! I will not lose!
This may not be what my father
wanted.
But I can't live my life
pretending!
This is my only chance!
Yaeko and Alex, they fought
without hesitation or complaint.
Come on and fire that second
missle you bastards!
(MICHELLE) Akari... When he
realized we were fighting the
Paraponera...
he jumped right in.
No matter the odds, they've been
there for me.
I'm not alone.
[leap]
I can't let them down now!
Akari, do you remeber what you
told me?
We're all united in our cause
to end this.
Sayonara, Paraponera! I've got a
mission to finish.
[grunts]
[heavy panting]
[pained groan]
[sigh]
Chi!
Huh?
Chu...
(MICHELLE) That's all I've got.
Think you can take it... from
here?
Capture him.
I was never any good with that
part.
Get on with it, you showoff.
Ju?
[smirk]
Thank you, Akari.
If you're here seeking
vengeance,
make sure you're doing it for
you and no one else.
It won't resurrect your father,
and it won't bring Yuriko back.
Everyone of us is here for
different reasons. But
remember...
We're all united in our casue to
end this.
[smirk]
I-I've come... to rescue
you.
My hero...
You have a gift for making the
crappiest entrances.
[chuckle] Some gift.
[smirk]
That hurts...
Nicely done, Akari.
You, too, Michelle.
We did it, huh?
"We're united in our cause to
end this."
Where'd you pick that line up
from, the back of a recruitment
ad?
Michelle... once all this
fighting is finally over with...
I hope you'll give living a
normal life a shot. You just may
end up enjoying it.
Hey, it might even help you
lighten up a bit.
[grunt]
Hm?
W-what is it?
Nothing...
I was just remembering some of
the stupid crap you've said to
me.
Huh?
I mean, what kind of idiot
thinks we'll be able to live a
noraml life after all this?
I'm twenty-four years old, and
I've spent my whole life with my
head buried in my work.
[chuckle] Stop worrying so much,
you'll be fine.
And also... you're not really
twenty-four.
What?
Your birthday, it's today.
April 19th, isn't that right?
That's today... I think.
Assuming my count of how long
we've been here is accurate.
Huh.
Well then I'm really screwed.
It's not that bad.
Twenty-five huh?
Well at least...
I don't feel older.
[chuckle]
Well you look good, all things
considered.
Sometimes I really do hate you.
Uh... Wait, shit! That's not
what I meant... never mind.
[chuckle]
Before joining this mission, I
was worried about what kind of
scum I'd be forced to work with.
I was cautious of a crew of
volunteer human lab rats,
who willingly gave up their
normal lives.
But I know now how wrong I
was, Dad.
I know this isn't the life you
wanted for me.
But here I am. You got me
here.
And I've been blessed with
good comrades. Friends who care
for me as much as I do for them.
This mission has given me new
purpose.
Now leading my new
family, and fighting alongside
them is all that matters.
Happy birthday. Michelle Davis.
Yeah... I guess so.
Father... I just need a little
more time to find the cure. And
thank you...
Thank you for your strength. For
always being there.
[grunt] Let's hurry.
We need to get in touch with
the Captain.
We never expected the journey to
be this difficult.
It's imperative that we reach
Squad 6 and ask them for
their help.
Hey Akari, are you ready?
I'm not sure.
[groan] I feel like every bone
in my body is broken.
I'm curious why Squad 4 only
fired one measly missile our
way.
[wince] God damnit! [gasp]
We need Alex and Yaeko to get
their asses in gear and pick us
up.
Where are they?
They should've seen us, they
were still close by.
Look! Here they come.
[gasp]
Akari and Michelle have
been located.
Retrieving.
(BAO) The name's Bao Zhilan,
we've been looing for you.